refactor(!): remove token serialization from datastore (#2064)
openfga/openfga: CHANGELOG.md

* The storage adapter `ReadChanges`'s parameter ReadChangesOptions allows filtering by `StartTime` [#2020](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/2020).
  As a part of the implementation a new component called ContinuationTokenSerializer was introduced.

>   If you are using a custom storage adapter, you will need to pick either a SQL or String Token Serializer, or implement your own one.

Reviewer: is this still accurate?

Author: Yes!

* The storage adapter `ReadChanges`'s parameter ReadChangesOptions allows filtering by `StartTime` [#2020](https://github.com/openfga/openfga/pull/2020).

>   As a part of the implementation a new component called ContinuationTokenSerializer was introduced.
>   If you are using a custom storage adapter, you will need to pick either a SQL or String Token Serializer, or implement your own one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As a part of the implementation, a new server setting called `WithContinuationTokenSerializer` was introduced.
  If you are using OpenFGA as a library, you will need to pass in either `StringContinuationTokenSerializer`, or `SQLContinuationTokenSerializer`, or implement your own (if you also have your own storage adapter)
```
